 ===
 I am ravi kannegundla i am having 10 years experience in full stack software development. I have worked in several domains such as Banking, airlines and  Healthcare.
 My expertise mainly lies in working on backend platforms with microservices, APIs and data driven systems and I also worked on the front-end using JavaScript, Typescript, and frameworks like Angular, React and Node.
 I have used various other supporting technologies like GIT, docker, kuberneats and latest CI/CD tools for deployment purpose, All major AWS services for Infrastructure setup and Deployment operations.
 I work in 70:30 ratio , 70 percentage as back end and 30 percentage in front-end. coming to database I have worked on SQL NO SQL, mysql oracle.
 for testing tools i have knowledge on cypress, selenium , Junit, mockit.for Project methodology both Agile and waterfall.

===
I am working in Bank of america and my role is full stack java developer i am working since 2021 , its about 1 year 10 months and its a banking domain,
I am working for a project related to Wealth Management workstation consists of hundreds of applications which makes the system slow and takes long time to login for a financial advisor to workstation.
MLFastStart is a service which Restarts all the workstation in the world when FA’s are not working and ready before they come to office saving their valuable time.
I was also responsible for helping with migration from legacy monolithic to microservices based architecture. Most of these newer services are containerized in Docker and these Docker images are orchestrated through Kubernetes.
we use angular for the front-end. azure for the cloud services. We also followed TDD/BDD and Agile in this project and in this role, I had the chance to work on some interesting initiatives and solved some challenging problems.
In general, I enjoy working in collaborative and challenging environments where there is a lot to learn and where there is an opportunity to deliver something meaningful.